DE-7553: Smarten up the examples repo, organise things a bit (#19)
decodableco/examples: README.md

# Decodable Examples

![A squirrel holding a laptop that says "Examples repo"](images/examples_repo.webp)

## Introduction

This repository contains examples of use cases that utilize Decodable streaming solution as well as demos for related open-source projects such as Apache Flink, Debezium, and Postgres.

> Examples are presented "as-is" and were working when committed to the repository :)

Reviewer: How about framing it a bit more positively:

```suggestion
Examples are presented "as-is" and are maintained on a best effort basis. PRs for updating existing (or adding new) examples are welcome!
```

| [ Logical Decoding Message Examples](postgres-logical-decoding)  | How to retrieve logical decoding messages from the Postgres WAL                                                      |

### PyFlink

| Example                                   | Description                                             |
|-------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| [PyFlink](pyflink)                        | We run a basic PyFlink job on Kubernetes                |
| [PyFlink on Decodable](pyflink-decodable) | Running a PyFlink job as a Custom Pipeline on Decodable |

### Flink SQL

| Example                                               | Description |
|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------|
| [Flink SQL Troubleshooting](troubleshooting-flinksql) | A set of Docker Compose environments for demonstrating various Flink SQL troubleshooting scenarios (see [related blog](https://www.decodable.co/blog/flink-sql-misconfiguration-misunderstanding-and-mishaps?utm_medium=github&utm_source=examples_repo&utm_campaign=blog&utm_content=troubleshooting-flinksql))|

## Deprecated

> The following examples are included for reference but are deprecated for the reason shown.

Reviewer: Is there any value in keeping them, or should we just drop them?

Author: I didn't want to be too aggressive in my pruning. Happy to drop them though. WDYT?

Reviewer: I'd drop them.

Author: 👍
